How do you get your prospects to persuade themselves? "I don't have the money. Will it work for me? I'm not sure I should do it. Next year's better. I'll do it down the road. I need to think it over. I need to do more research. How much is it going to cost? These are frames that your prospects have. And until you learn how to get them out of their frame, what are they going to do? They're going to give you these objections over and over and over and over again. And I just don't like getting objections. It's just not fun. Anybody ever got a call or worse an email? The email death. "Oh, we really liked you and what you had to say, but now's not a good time for us." We'll get back to you when we're interested. Keep a touch. What are you going to do? What are you going to do now? You're going to call them back, thrust from your buttholes. Tell them why they're wrong. How often does that work? Oh, I mean, it works every once in a while. Numbers game, right? I don't want you to have to play that game. It's a really rough one. Not very fun. Okay, here's what we're going to do. Somebody be the prospect. You be the prospect? Yeah. What do you sell? Health consulting. Health consulting for what? People who have low energy. Oh, like a coaching program? Yeah, like health coaching. Like for entrepreneurs or something or just anybody? Mainly entrepreneurs. Low energy, brain, for poor focus. And what are the consequences if they don't purchase your program? They won't have enough energy to dominate the business. We'll lose a lot of money and a lot of productivity. Okay, and if they lose a lot of money and productivity, what's the consequences? Like what happens then? That business won't make as much money and won't perform as well. And what happens to the business then when it doesn't perform? It won't be around much longer. And what happens then when it goes out of business? They'll probably be basking outside the casino. Oh, no, no, seriously. What happens to the business owner when they go under? Not good things. Like what? Tell me. How they be unemployed? Okay, and they're not making any money. What happens to their family? Comprolized for the family. Yeah, it's much deeper than just fixing their health. Yeah. See how I can go six layers deeper than that? That's where the sale is made. Not up here, about getting healthier. It's the consequences of not, of what can happen if they don't. It's the fear of getting them to feel and see what the future could look like if they don't solve that. It's a pain of fear. It's one of the two biggest emotional drivers that caused a human being to want to change. Pain and the fear of future pain. So if you can't help them relive their pain of their current situation in their past and then have a fear of future pain, they feel no need to what? Change. There's that word "change" again. And if your prospect feels no need to change, that's why they give you objections and that's why they don't buy from you. Even though they basically raise your hand saying "help." Do you have book calls? They book on your counter? Yep. So they're basically raising their hand saying "help." Yeah. Right? Should be easy. Okay? So you call me back and you're like, uh, you know. Yeah, I really liked you and we had to say about deciding now's not a good time for us. So we'll get back to you already. Keep in touch. Well, I'm not that cool. But thanks for the compliment. Can I ask you something and you can always get back to me down the road. Can I ask you something? Sure. How can I communicate to you that you might be making a mistake without you getting upset with me? Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Um, it's pretty hard. Yeah. No, you cannot communicate to me that I might be making a mistake. What did I just do there? What was this frame? Now's not a good time. I'll do it down the road. Keep in touch. That's his frame. How do I take him out of that frame and reframe him to a new way of thinking? Now what the question I just asked here that's an interview consequence question. What I'm doing here is I'm deframing him with this question. Does that make sense? I'm taking him out of the frame with this question. Did you see his reaction and role playing? I can assure you if you do this type of stuff outside of a role play, your prospects will not know what's going on. I can assure you. Wait a minute. Your tone sounds concerned. Did you learn that some? They're just not going to know because they're emotionally involved. Now you guys know because you see it. I'm showing you. If you had no idea and you just saw me do this, you'd have like, "Whoa, what just happened? Okay? It's hard for you to come back and be like, "No, you can't tell me. You're like, sure, what's going on? Now why would I use a concern tone? What is a concern tone seed in his brain? How can I communicate to you that you you might be making a mistake without you getting upset with me?" That concern tone seeds what? Doubt. That I know something he doesn't know and that triggers doubt in his brain where his guard comes down and he becomes more open. See, I'm deframing it. Hey guys, Jeremy Minor here. Look, a lot of you leave comments wanting me to help you somewhere. So the easiest way to get a hold of me the quickest way is to text me. So text me right now. It's 480-637-2944. So, 480-637-2944. Listen, I started this company to help you learn how to close more deals but do it the right way. Text me right now. Let's get back to the training video. Now, it's not over because I haven't got you out of that frame yet. I'm just starting the process. Okay? So then I'm going to loop back around and I'm just going to make something up because this is a completely different industry. So I'm just going to make something up with you based on your industry. Okay? Do that again. I'm going to do the whole thing and I'm going to ask. I'm just going to loop back around and make something up. Say the thing again. Yeah, sorry, mate. We had to look at it and it's not the right thing for us right now. So we'll get back to you when it suits us. But thanks for your time. Yeah, not a problem. Can I ask you something before I head out? Oh, no. I don't really have time, mate. So. Well, yeah. I mean, I don't want to get you angry at me. I guess the question I had for you and I said you always get back to me. How can I communicate to you that you might be making a mistake without you getting upset with me? Yeah. Because I'm concerned for you because I mean, what happens if you don't do anything about this and you keep having these issues with your God. We're having these movements during the day at work and then your boss starts getting upset with you. How long is he going to give you before he lets you go? Not long. What's going to happen to you and your family at that point? Yeah. Pull around and be able to be able to provide for them. Are you going to let that happen? No. I mean, how does your spouse feel about that? Like, does your spouse like, does she want you to keep having these issues where you like having a hard time even performing at work? Like, does she want you to keep going through that? No, she's pretty pissed at me. How do you mean by pissed? Oh, she's probably probably not happy with me. Okay. I don't want you to sleep in on the couch tonight, man. But in all seriousness, does she want you to get your health back so you can really get promoted into that CO role so you can make more money for the family or what does she want you to do? Yeah. She would love that. Okay. But why now? Like, why is it so important now? Like, for you, like, why look at doing this now? Like, why not, you know, push it down the road like a lot of executives do who end up never fixing their health and they never get promoted? Yeah, if I pushed it back, my health is getting worse. And then what happens at that point? Yeah, my performance with the decline. Yeah. What should we do then? Whatever. Yeah, what you do with you? Well, what's telling me? Okay. Okay. Now, what did I just do? What I just do? I did a lot there. How many frames did I go through that? How did your spouse feel about repeated back the negative problem hard for him to say like, Oh, she wants me to still have the negative problem? What am I doing there? What am I starting to prevent there? Him having to what? Talk to his partner. I'm taking him out of that frame. I took him out like four frames there. You guys probably didn't know what I was doing. Okay. See what I'm doing. What else do you feel like I did there? I did any frame. Well, for you, why look at doing this now? Like, why not push it down the road like a lot of executives who never end up getting promoted because they never get their energy? I'm getting back. That's an identity frame. See how I'm getting him to run away from that type of executive that has negative negative negative. Does he want to be like that executive? See how I'm getting him to push back against that. That's called an identity frame. I'm getting him out of his current way of thinking. Push it down the road to not identify with all those other people out there that keep having that problem. Does that make sense? What I just did there?
